So, that's it, we have the magic of the Ganskans.
We have the common hassons to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have to answer and we have
So, because I think my name is Martin, and I'm here in the UK as a pastor.
So, yes, since we're so great, it's very important that we have a common high in Poland, so we have to ignore it, and it's very important that we have a common high in Poland, so we have a common high in Poland.
So, yes, since we're so great, it's important that we have a common high in Poland, so we have a common high in Poland.
Stannis had got built and won the forest.
major or the glorious nights
I am very happy to be here.
Did you know that your baby is come to me
We'll see the devil here, the dad will live again.
The lame will leave, the tongue will speak, the praises of the man.
The mind will sing, the dad will hear, the dad will leave again.
The lame will leave, the tongue will speak.
that your baby boy is Lord of all creation Mary did you know that your baby boy would one day rule the nations did you know that your baby boy
perfect and the sleeping child you're holding is the great I am the great
After hailing to see
Son earth and mercy my God and sinners reconciled.
the safe rockers that way.
Christmas is here, bringing the cheer to young and all, me getting the ball, thing, loving, young, bad is the song, angel for ring, young and rolling.
One seems to hear words of good cheer from everywhere, filling with the air.
Oh, are we all raising the song for you?
They're telling us to raise
We'll sing some new words of good cheer
Let's come, that was some mid-schnippm.
Once we had this year, it was jazzy-guess.
We had a lot of ambition and winter wonderland, gee-happed.
Only half of the year of ambition was angish-dimmed after sneeze-leed.
We had a lot of ambition and ambition.
Okay.
Slabers ring, are you listening?
I'm the lane, snow is listening It's a beautiful sight, we're happy tonight We're walking in a winter wonderland Gone away is the blue bird Here to stay is a new bird He sings a love song
As we go along, we're walking in a winter wonderland In the matter, we can fill a snowman And pretend that he's passing round He'll say, I'm married, I'll say no man But you can do the job when you're in town Later on, we'll conspire as we dream
Fire the fire Two days out of rain The plans that we made Oh, walking in a winter wonderland And in the matter, we can build a snowman And pretend that he's biasing ground And he'll say, I'm married, I'm a snowman But better do that, better do that, better do that, better do that
Later on we'll conspire as we dream by the fire To phase on our brain The plans that were made We're walking in a winter wonderland We are walking in a winter As we're walking in a winter Oh, we're walking in a winter
So, I want to thank all of you for joining us today.
I want to thank all of you for joining us today.
I think it's very important that I think it's important that I think it's important that I think it's important that I think it's important that I think it's important that I think it's important that I think it's important that I think it's important that I think it's important that I think it's important that I think it's important that I think it's important
This is concertus.
For any of the people who are in the world, we have two people who are in the world who are in the world who are in the world who are in the world who are in the world who are in the world who are in the world who are in the world who are in the world who are in the world who are in the world
So this is the first time that we are going to be able to do this.
We are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
of the social project in the UK, too.
We can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can
This is the second-time game, which is the winner of the United States and the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States.
in Fashidon and Gennard's Union, and Fattreton, many more on many kinders.
So, before this next district, it's common metric, no quotes on the side, and the salt and the kinders, salters, and bits of shirik sign for the kinders.
So, it's a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit.
Once again, these semaphiles are scattered here.
The sun are under in the air tonight.
So let every long heart be filled with cheer.
time.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
Night is sweet too.
They are here to live for children in a world where one has been
Find a part
Don't care.
In the past, I'm told, on the special
I am very happy to be here with you.
I would like to thank you very much for being here.
It's a very important thing, and it's a very important thing, and it's a very important thing, and it's a very important thing, and it's a very important thing, and it's a very important thing, and it's a very important thing, and it's a very important thing, and it's a very important thing, and it's a very important thing, and it's a very important thing, and it's a very important thing,
I think it's very important to say that in the last few years, I think that in the last few years, I think that in the last few years, I think that in the last few years, I think that in the last few years, I think that in the last few years, I think that in the last few years, I think that in the last few years, I think that in the last few years, I think that in the last few years, I think that in the last few years, I think that in the last few years, I think that in the last few years, I think that in the last few years,
So it's this is Mark Mulso.
This is Mark Mulso.
I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun, I think it's a lot of fun,
I think it's a great film, it's a great film, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song, it's a great song,
I think it's a very important thing.
It's a very important thing.
And this is Sodas, God will click for a thousand-year-old and reason why God gave him heart.
And this is Jesus Christ, the other commoners.
We are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones.
So, when we're on the King's, I think we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this, we like this,
We are trying to make a difference.
We are now in the world.
The only thing that I have to say is that I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that
I'm not sure if I'm going to ask you any questions.
I'm not going to ask you any questions.
I'm going to ask you any questions.
I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to
I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that
I am very proud of you.
like white Americans, and see how they can't lead dancing, and that's what I'm saying, and that's what I'm saying.
The lessons that are focused on the moment is that Jesus Christ is for a thousand years, and that's what Jesus Christ is.
And that's what Jesus Christ is.
My name is Anwaran, and I am here with you today.
I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's
And I think that this is a common thing, and I think that this is a common thing.
And I think that this is a common thing.
And I think that
He is a member of the U.S. government.
This is the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time
I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure
Hilvmir, vedich tuleb, ich dankidir, dastouve al-mane filo en santen gestorambist.
On this isain vachain ge shank.
On dich naimed ich yatsan, alzmanan reta, on dalzmanan hern, ich dankidir fongantem hertzen,
Thank you very much.
See you later.
So, I feel like I have to thank you very much.
I would like to say thank you very much.
I would like to say thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much, thank you very much.
And I would like to thank you for having me on the coffee.
I would like to thank you for having me on the coffee.
I would like to thank you for being here.
Al-Adi, how are you?
Since Al-Adi, for the German Saint, Al-Enlan, how are you going to go to Sten's Samstag, Sonnen and Freightag, and we are in Kürtzen, we are going to go to Sten's and Freightag and we are going to go to Sten's and Freightag and we are going to go to Sten's and we are going to go to Sten's and we are going to go to Sten's and we are going to go to Sten's and we are going to go to Sten's and we are going to go to Sten's and we are going to go to Sten's and we are going to go to Sten's and we are going to go to Sten's and we are going to go to Sten's and we are going to go to Sten's and we are going to go to Sten's and we are going to go to Sten's and we are going to go to Sten's and we
After a long time ago, we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had to go to this scene, and we had
Thank you.
It's like we're going to be here, we're going to be submitting it, and we're going to be able to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way.
And anyways, thank you very much for being here.
And now it's...